人物简介.
新来的警长Ray Holt和Jefford之前认识，于是让Jeffordz介绍以下警局里的这些侦探们，于是有了下面的介绍。
Here is the description of Sergeant Jefford for these detectives to Captain Ray Holt

**Jake Peralta：is best Detective. He likes putting away bad guys and he loves solving puzzles. The only puzzle he hasn't solved is how to grow up.

**Amy santiago:She's got seven brothers, so she's always trying to prove she's tough（强硬）.

**Charles Boyle:He's a grinder. Not the most brilliant Detective, but he works hard than anyone else. He's not pyhsically gifted(身体不协调).

**Rosa Diaz:Tough, smart, hard to read, and really scary.

**Scully Hitchcock and Daniels:They're pretty much worthless, but they make good coffee

conversation 1
description:Peralta和Santiago一起来到一个失窃的电子商店里调查案情，Peralta先来了，自己正在模仿李米娜得一段演讲。

Jake Peralta: This job is eating me alive. I can't breathe anymore. I spend all these years trying to be the good guy, the man in the white hat. I'm not becoming like them. I'm them.

Amy Santiago: Hey! what are you doing, weirdo(怪人)?

Jake Peralta: I'm doing the best speech from Donnie Brasco(电视剧-忠奸人). Or actually, ten of me are doing the best speech from Donnie Brasco(Peralta 看着视频监控). what's up?

Amy Santiago: Get together man, OK? (Santiago talk to the store owner) So the store was hit about two hours ago. They took mostly tablets(平板电脑), laptops(手提电脑), and cameras.(now, music is starting)

Peralta: Sorry.

Santiago (continue talk to the owner): I'd like a list of all your employees, whoever had access to the store(意思是有商店钥匙的人). I'd also like to appologize for my partner. His parents did'n give him enough attention.

Peralta: Uh, detective..., I also solved the case. We're looking for three white males, one of whom has sleeve tats(袖纹身) on both arms.

Santiago: And how do you know that?

Peralta: I had an informant on the inside, He's been here for years, watching, learning, waiting. His code name: Fuzzy Cuddle bear. He's a nanny camera.

Santiago: Uh, you got lucky.

Peralta: No, I got here five minutes before you and figure that in this gigantic electronic store(巨大的电子商店), there had to be at least one working camera.

Peralta(talk to the screen): Oh! Hi, bad guys!

Peralta(talk to the Fuzzy bear): You did it, fuzzy.You busted'em. It's time to come home.

Peralta(Pretending that the bear is talking to Santiago): I'm mot sure if I can, I've been undercover so long, I've forgottent who I am. I've seen terrible things. I haven't known the touch of a woman in many moons. 

Santiago: All right.

Peralta: Detective Santiago,don't walk away from me.